so you liked my son's show huh
some of you want him to replace me I
read those comments that was crazy
you guys are insane that's it he doesn't
get on the show anymore until Halloween
at least anyway I love him dearly he did
a great job boy was that fettuccine
alfredo amazing in fact drummer tutu for
already submitted a picture look at this
look how beautiful that looks great job
I just want to thank Jack jr. for a
wonderful job today and we all know that
I'm doing kimchi I'm either thinking of
doing falafel which is uh kind of a
Middle Eastern food or I'm going to do
far which is a Vietnamese dish I don't
know when that's gonna be my next
international show so I'm leaving it up
to you guys down below is it falafel or
is it far which one of my making you put
it down below and we'll see who wins and
that'll be my next international show I
promise you first thing we're gonna do
is prepare the cabbage second thing
we're gonna do is make we're gonna
prepare our vegetables dice them all up
third thing we're gonna do is make the
paste I'm doing an easy version some of
you may be familiar with leaving the
cabbage hole and opening the leaves mine
is more of a lazy man's version okay
we're gonna cut up the lettuce into
bite-sized pieces
our first thing we're gonna do is rinse
all the cabbage so you're gonna need a
big big container a big bowl big pot
anything to rinse the cabbage we're
gonna rinse it all at water and then
drain it all to fill the whole thing
with water
next thing you want to do is get your
salt I keep my kosher salt in this
container and we're gonna salt the
entire top of it okay like you're
seasoning the top this is the process
where I guess it's like curing your your
cabbage or something I don't know but
basically we're going to salt it we're
gonna leave it and then in 30 minutes
we're going to flip it and salt it again
and then flip it and salt it again
then we're gonna rinse all the salt out
of it so it's an hour and a half process
of the cabbage so I'm gonna leave this
here and then come back to it in 30
minutes in the meantime we're gonna go
over back over to the table and we're
gonna start preparing everything else
all right now it's time to prepare all
the vegetables I like to get those out
of the way so that I can just throw them
in when it's time okay as you notice I'm
cutting these kind of at an angle in
kind of a weird shape I'm not cutting
them exactly normal so I'm giving you my
gun okay here's the here's the Korean
radish I just kind of cut this in pieces
here so I'm gonna cut this I'm gonna cut
this right down the middle and we're
gonna cut the just really thin pieces
like this
okay and then your your onions and your
chives are just gonna be in pieces like
like that just 1/2 inch pieces and then
you're gonna cut the same with the with
the chives and we're just gonna we're
throwing them right now we're throwing
them all in a bowl you may want to leave
the prevent the bottom so you can just
sit here in makes a lot easier to hold
it together first thing we're gonna do
to make our pace is create a porridge
that's what they call it
you're gonna take three cups of water
and you're gonna take this sweet rice
flour and you're gonna boil these two
together okay once those are starting to
boil you're gonna throw this in this is
the sugar and it's gonna become a little
translucent all right here we go put the
flour in the water gonna mix it up real
well and bring it to a little bit of a
boil all right as you can see on the
edge hidden the perimeter bubbles are
being made yep so we're gonna we're
gonna put the put the sugar in now
there you go mix that ain't good you're
gonna just keep this in there and stir
in for a few more minutes then we turn
it off and let it cool
okay so we've cooked that in for a few
minutes we're just gonna put this on the
back burner we let this cool for a
little bit we're gonna start working on
the rest of our paste I'm gonna blend
these ingredients these three
ingredients I'm gonna put in the food
processor and just hit it that's gonna
be ginger garlic and onion let's hope I
have enough room if not I'll make room
it's really easy just put it on hit it
and then put the rest stuff in so if you
don't have enough room just do what you
got and then we'll move on okay and in
there nope just go ahead and put in what
you got
you'll have room in a minute this
thing's awesome I really love love my
ninja it's powerful you don't to worry
about the motor burning out this thing
is great if you haven't seen the the
ninja video later just click on the link
at the end of the video I'll send you
over there you can see my review of it
ok cabbage has been rinsed off
thoroughly it's time to put our paste up
together so here we go alright here's
our porridge mixture we're gonna put
that in first we're gonna have the fish
sauce alright now look at this pepper
flakes I got the pepper flakes the Asian
storage just in case these are a
different type of temperature they ask
for a lot of pepper flakes this is where
you control the heat if you like it
spicy
follow the recipe you don't like it too
spicy then back off on the pepper flakes
a little bit and then we've got our
onions garlic and ginger mixture we're
gonna put that in there just mix this
all around keep this all work done oh
wow ok these these smells are all coming
together it looks crazy
unbelievable I can't even explain the
garlic and the pepper and the fish sauce
it's just battling it out right now
alright next thing we're gonna have
we're gonna mix in all this stuff into
this and beautiful it's all coming
together I love this part when you're
sort of so fond of it I love this part
when you start doing everything together
now the last part is this getting this
in the air you get your hands dirty
still be ready you got kids
bring them in they're gonna love this
most kimchi is fermented and what that
means is almost like we're gonna leave
this out and it's going to start
bubbling and it's gonna get really sour
you're not gonna free it refrigerate
this you can't eat it like this you
don't like the sour taste this will be
amazing the last thing you want to do is
you want to place this in a airtight
container
that's what's gonna for it ferment in
there it is I'm gonna leave this on the
counter for for 48 hours it's in an
airtight container leave it on the
counter for a minimum 48 hours you're
gonna see when you crack it open and see
the snow sour and it's gonna have
bubbles created on the surface you'll
see it if you don't want to sour your
kimchi I choose to just put it right in
the fridge but I leave mine on the
counter for two days so here's what I'm
gonna do I mean I'm gonna try it first
to let you know how it is cuz it just
smells amazing and some of the red
pepper in them it's just it's awesome
here we go
Wow I could eat this just like this and
it's really hot hmm it's good so control
the heat I love it like this I love the
heat but it's really really good I'm
trying over right off the top mmm it was
very healthy fresh vegetables a little
heat amazing mm-hmm can't wait for 48
hours to be up so here's what's gonna
happen you're getting an update video
for me on this channel in two days I'm
gonna crack this bad boy open and we're
gonna try it out all right this was very
easy a lot of ingredients try it out
it's down below in fact why don't you
make yours now and then we'll try it
together in two days you guys take care
and I'll see you on the next cooking
with Jack in 48 hours